hello everyone this is Gloria balding
with poker news and I have tracked down
a woman who just came off slopes Sandra
now yolks first of all congratulations
on your EPT dortmund win thank you very
much but first let me say i love you
gentle I love the ski suit beautiful so
what was it like at that final table um
I just not easy to resume hot fun at
savers so there was Luca Pagano and told
him to us and Mike timex mcdonald really
tough to evil and they have to wait a
little bit because there was a lot of
action and I don't find my spot and
behind me in Dooku began oh I was very
tied there was good for me and then
there was my States and so you came in
one of the shortest acts and then you
ended up winning it and was there any
point that he started to pick up steam
and think that yes you really could win
it um yeah soft um look I began a busted
I changed my keys on the camera
aggressive and in 12 minutes I could
make my sake bigger four times and I was
Chip alia and 12 minutes I think and I
was running good for me clearly it ran
good for you uh so how has life changed
for you since then um nothing really
changed for me um okay maybe ask more
into your Chris like this one but so
what's it like to be a female and a
well-known European pronoun fun what's
it like for you as a female poker player
on top of being a well-known European
player now um well as I said before
nothing really changed for me I but this
is my first season I play the big buy-in
tournaments I started playing this in
September and I could run two major
events I'm leaving my game man it
it seems to work and gone how how did
you get into poker to begin with I
started swinging a half years before
playing online and i think one and a
half year ago i started to apply my
first life tournament i love this
feeling because the first i want i said
okay this is all i want to do it next so
how did you find your way to the
pokernews cup alpine to the storm in
here it was a new mutation and i love
this this place cause i can go skiing
and we met all together here the german
place and make a party here and skiing
and I swear that's a good place surface
key yeah you're in your ski see so i
have to say are you a good skier oh okay
now do you ski down or fall down norske
down but um we have a good a good skier
marks gaza an Austrian problem and he
broke his hand I just in injured my
ankle so I couldn't go skiing today but
but you look great in the suit so haha
yeah I tried it but take a look down
again thank you so much Sondra and we
look forward to seeing a lot more of you
thank you for bogey news com I'm Gloria
balding
you